manifest: nrf_modem v2.0.0 (#7571)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

Increasing the heap size allows more traces in the FIFO queue, but the trace heap will still be depleted if the modem continues to send traces at a rate faster than the rate at which the medium can handle over time.
If increasing the trace heap size does not help, either optimize the medium speed or use a faster trace transport medium.

Modem fault handling
********************
On initialization of the Modem library integration layer, it registers the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function through the initialization parameters.

If a fault occurs in the modem, the application is notified through the fault handler.
This enables the application to read the fault reason (in some cases the modem's program counter) and take appropriate action.

The Modem library integration layer provides the following three options for :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT` Kconfig option:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_DO_NOTHING` - This is the default Kconfig option that logs the Modem fault.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_RESET_MODEM`- This Kconfig option restarts and reinitializes the modem and Modem library.

Reviewer: What kind of "fault" could be failed over by this option? Does it include modem dump?

Author: Yes, all situations in which the modem core crashes for any reason

Reviewer: Thanks, will enable this option for SLM app after libmodem v2.0 is in place

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC`- This Kconfig option has the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function defined in the application outside of the Modem library integration layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC`- Enabling this Kconfig option will, in the event of a modem fault, result in a call to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function. This function can be defined in the application outside of the Modem library integration layer.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC`- This Kconfig option will, in the event of a modem fault, result in a call to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function. This function can be defined in the application outside of the Modem library integration layer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_FAULT_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC`- This Kconfig option, if enabled, in the event of a modem fault, result in a call to the :c:func:`nrf_modem_fault_handler` function. 
  This function can be defined in the application outside of the Modem library integration layer.
```

Author: Thanks, have reworded that section slightly

Implementing a custom fault handler
===================================

If you want to implement a custom fault handler, consider the following points:

* The fault handler is called in an interrupt context and must be as short as possible.
* Reinitialization of the Modem library must be done outside of the fault handler.

> * If the modem trace module is enabled, the modem sends a coredump through the trace interface on modem failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the `Modem trace module`_ is enabled, the modem sends a coredump through the trace interface on modem failure.
```

> * If the modem trace module is enabled, the modem sends a coredump through the trace interface on modem failure.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* If the Modem trace module is enabled, the modem sends a coredump through the trace transport medium on modem failure..
```
We don't have a link to the Modem trace module.

>   To ensure correct trace output, the modem must not be reinitialized before all trace data is handled.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps you could also write a note on how the app can detect that all the trace data has been handled?

Author: To be honest I don't think there isn't a nice way, right now, for the application to synchronize on that operation.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I thought so too. Can we document this as a limitation somehow?

Author: Ok, but not in this PR.

> .. _partition_mgr_integration:

Reviewer 4: This label should come after the following section and before the section : 'Partition manager integration'
